h1. Changelog

h2. 4.7.0 - YYYY-MM-DD

* Load lang strings in a Textpattern 4.7.0-ish way.
* Add en language designators to Textpack (thanks, cara-tm).
* Only display labels if they've been specified (thanks, dragondz and jools-r).
* Fallback on name if label is empty.
* Sanitize field names so forms still submit if names contain spaces.
* Permit {Option label} syntax to specify empty select entry that validates
  (thanks, phiw13 and colak).
* Fix @<txp:com_connect_value>@ to actually match labels.
* Remove use of deprecated EvalElse().
* Use PHP_EOL instead of manual newlines.

h2. 4.6.0 - 2020-01-31

* Final Textpattern 4.6-compatible release.

h2. 4.6.0-beta.3 - 2018-10-05

* Update Composer installation.
* Add code syntax highlighting.

h2. 4.6.0-beta.2 - 2018-04-11

* @zcr_file_attach@ has been renamed with @ext_@ prefix.
* Documentation updates and typos.

h2. 4.6.0-beta - 2017-07-19

* Rename to com_connect and put under community control.
* Fix zem_contact_options and labels. Thanks, trenc.
* Remove call to is_windows().
* Third party plugins can return error info.
* Remove unnecessary div in fieldset. Thanks, NicolasGraph.
* Add nl-nl and de-de Textpacks. Thanks, keesbran and rwetzlmayr.

h2. 4.5.0.0 - 2016-12-02

* Replace @split()@ (deprecated since PHP 5.3) with @explode()@.
* Remove @zem_contact_mailheader()@ function, switch to using Textpattern's @encode_mailheader@ function (Textpattern 4.0.4+).
* Parse the @thanks_form@.
* Make email work when the mailserver requires the SMTP envelope sender (in Textpattern preferences page).
* Use "From: <email@example.com>" instead of "From: email@example.com" to avoid triggering Spamassassin rule.
* Add @body_form@ attribute. Not to be confused with the ladies' sanitary product.
* Add @class@, @expire@ and @label_position@ attributes.
* Add @<txp:zem_contact_option />@ tag.
* Add a host of HTML5 attributes to tags.
* Add @zemcontact.delivery@ callback for enhanced mailing through other plugins.
* Remove deprecated @button@ attribute in @<zem_contact_submit />@.
* Add plugin Textpack, removing the need for separate zem_contact_lang plugin. Translations welcome!

h2. 4.0.3.20 - 2007-08-23

* Escape @label@ attribute values when showing the form in the browser (not in email, plain text there).
* Don't display empty input values in the email.

h2. 4.0.3.19 - 2007-02-14

* @send_article@ functionality revised, requiring changes when upgrading from earlier versions.
* New language strings: @send_article@ and @recipient@ (replaces @receiver@).
* Sets of radio buttons require the new @group@ attribute.
* @yes@/@no@ values deprecated in favour of the Textpattern standard @1@/@0@ values (@yes@/@no@ still work in this version).

h2. 4.0.3.18 - 2006-11-20

* IDs @zemContactForm@ and @zemSubmit@ have changed to classes to allow multiple forms per page.
* New language strings: @form_used@, @invalid_utf8@, @max_warning@, @name@, @refresh@, @secret@.

h2. 4.0.3.17 - 2006-03-12

* @<zem_contact_radio />@ function added to enable the use of radio buttons (thanks Robert).
* New attribute @button="yes"@ has been added to the @<zem_contact_submit />@ function to enable the user to choose a @<button>@ element output instead of the normal @<input>@ element.
* Fixed @isError@ for the @<zem_contact_select />@ function.
* Reduced @return@ to a single instance for those functions that use @zemRequired@ and thereby reduced the code a bit.

h2. 0.16 - 2006-02-11

* Now has its own built-in API. This means that it can be linked to by other plug-ins. Information about how plug-in developers can do that is included in the Help text.
* Fixed a validation problem in @Strict@ relating to the @for@ attribute used in the @label@ of the @select@ function.
* Zem Contact Lang has also been updated to 0.02 with the addition of a new line @spam@.

h2. 0.15 - 2006-02-06

* Removes tags from the article when using the "Send article" functions.

h2. 0.14 - 2006-02-03

* *Requires separate zem_contact_lang plugin.* This latest version now splits the language file out into a separate plug-in. You will need both for it to work properly.

h2. 0.13 - Unreleased

h2. 0.12 - 2006-01-29

* Help text has been looked through and any errors or ambiguities removed and formatting improved.
* Added information relating to localisation.

h2. 0.11 - 2006-01-27

* @errorElement@ @class@ now appended to labels, inputs and the textarea when errors relating to information entered into the form, or not entered, are output.
* Added some styling information to the Help text to explain the relevant classes.

h2. 0.10 - 2006-01-23

* @copysender@ now uses @Bcc@ instead of @Cc@.

h2. 0.09 - 2006-01-23

* Modified the way that @copysender@ works, in order not to display your address on the email.

h2. 0.08 - 2006-01-23

* New attribute @copysender@ added. When set to @yes@ a copy of the email will be sent to the sender's email address as well as your own (thanks to Anura for explaining 'concatenation').
* Fixed bug which stopped the @break@ attribute working for the email @<input>@ (thanks to jdykast for spotting that one).

h2. 0.07 - 2006-01-17

* Error messages are output as a @<ul>@ so I have given the @<ul>@ tag a @class="zemError"@. Now you can style the messages.
* When @required="yes"@, labels will have a second @class@ added to them in the form @class="zemRequired $name"@ so that you can set an overall style for @required@ labels as well as make individual adjustments where necessary. Where @required="no"@, labels will continue to use @class="$name"@.
* When @required="yes"@, a class=“zemRequired” is also added to the “input” so that you can style those in a different manner as well if you wish.

h2. 0.06 - 2006-01-16

* @id@ added to @<form>@. Now uses @zemContactForm@.
* @id@ added to @submit@ button. Now uses @zemSubmit@.
* @id@ added to @checkbox@. Now uses the value for label.
* @class@ attribute added to all @<label>@ tags. Will now use the same value as the label.

h2. 0.05 - 2006-01-16

* Email @<input>@ box is now sizeable within the tag using the @size@ attribute.
* If an error is returned, entered values should be retained so they do not need to be re-entered.
* Bold text for @required@ fields has been removed.
* "Send Article" now includes a link to the article in the email.

h2. 0.04 - 2006-01-15

* Missing @/@ added for validation (Thanks Els).

h2. 0.03 - 2006-01-19

* Includes tranquillo's code for "Send Article" functionallity. You can now add a link to your individual article form which will, when clicked, open a form allowing your visitor to enter his/her name and an email address for a friend. They can also add an extra message if they wish. The article's title and body will be included in the email automatically.
* Help text updated.
* A couple of minor bugs squished (should sort some of the @yes@/@no@ problems out).

h2. 0.02 - 2005-12-19

* Major changes to the help files.
* Please double-check your attribute names as several have changed. Also @on@/@off@ attributes now use @yes@ and @no@ instead of @1@ and @0@.
